# Transactions Topic Documentation

This document provides an overview of the `transactions` topic in the Redpanda cluster. The topic is designed to capture autogenerated transaction events with various attributes.

## Schema Overview

Each message in the `transactions` topic adheres to the following JSON schema:

```json
{
    "email": "string",
    "index": "integer",
    "price": "string",
    "product_url": "string",
    "timestamp": "string",
    "user_id": "integer"
}
```

- **email**: The email address of the user involved in the transaction.
- **index**: A numeric index associated with the transaction. This could represent the position or order of the transaction in a sequence.
- **price**: A string representing the price of the product. It includes a currency code (e.g., "XXX") followed by the amount.
- **product_url**: A URL that points to the product involved in the transaction.
- **timestamp**: The timestamp of when the transaction occurred, formatted in ISO 8601.
- **user_id**: A numeric identifier for the user. This is typically a unique ID assigned to each user in the system.

## Example message

```json
{
    "email": "wzieme@ykczius.edu",
    "index": 0,
    "price": "XXX 5651308.100000",
    "product_url": "http://yjomdta.top/DxvGsCn.php",
    "timestamp": "2024-08-16T15:51:19.799474084Z",
    "user_id": 1
}
```

## Use cases

You can use the `transactions` topic for various purposes, including:

- **Analytics**: Tracking and analyzing user transactions to understand buying behavior, popular products, etc.
- **Monitoring**: Observing transaction patterns to detect anomalies, such as unusual spikes or drops in transaction volume.
- **Data Processing**: Feeding transaction data into other systems, such as a data warehouse or real-time processing pipelines, for further processing and analysis.
